alright guys so this is my first video
on the patches for the sc2 beta I know
you guys are pretty interested in the
balance changes that they've been doing
so here I'm just going to sum up what
they've done into a little patch patch
analysis so here we go i'm skipping the
general at the at the top of the patch
because that's more for just beta how
the battle.net 2 point 0 is working
right now we're just going to look at
the other stuff so here we got some
general changes improvement to pathing
so blah cramps and choke points that's
that's a nice improvement and made to
change house earn creep effects doodads
such as trees to prevent players from
seeing the starting location of their
players through the fog of war that is
smart I didn't even know that happened
that's probably good change all right so
we're going to move on to terran the
Viking cost up for minerals vespene gas
went down 25 so plus 25 minerals down 25
gas
not really gonna change much it's still
going to be a mast unit and inba in my
opinion but ghost biggest biggest change
that I thought cost increased for
minerals decreased for gas so another
moot change a little more yet or less
gas so easier to build in my opinion EMP
round radius decrease from three to two
big boost for the Protoss this is now
going to make high templars way more
effective against the Protoss race are
high templars rape way more effective
against the Terran race excuse me and
yeah this is going to be a big big big
you know change I don't know if it's
going to be in but yet but I know the
ghosts were pretty drastic to Protoss
high templars factory here we got here
costs decrease so you know concerning
factories aren't are pretty much the you
know just tech up to get star port and
no one really uses them at all because
they build the shittiest units I've ever
seen tech lab
you know costs decreased so they're
wanting people to tech reactor time
increase this is going to be another
huge change for the Terrans as they're
not going to be able to spit out the
Marines as fast oh no no marine massing
anymore at the beginning of the game
don't want anyways SUVs life reduced
good thing people were charging in with
their SUVs and they're pretty good meat
shields against uh like they have way
more health and drones and probes do so
they were meat shields and that's pretty
Himba for the Terran bunkers they were
pretty mobile which is sort of odd for a
building but then again Terrans
buildings fly ought enough anyways build
time so not only can you get all your
money back they also build faster going
to be a pretty big cheese strat going on
here I think Marines build time
increased good stuff good stuff less
marine massing protests so we've got the
Colossus thermal Lance's damage degrees
from 23 to 20 not a big change the
classes is rarely used and now
that it's a lot less you know effective
compared to like other Protoss units the
immortal inba anyway so maybe we'll see
the closest used even less now I'm not
too sure well they're more of a support
range unit anyways observer so we're
going to see the observer go up 25 in
both gas and minerals and build time
increased I guess Blizzard assumed that
the observer was a little overpowered
for being both stealth and able to
detect other stuff units stalker damaged
increased normal damage increase well
armored damage plus plus whatever damage
to armored excuse me can't talk today is
reduced the same amount so we're going
to see more stalkers are going to be
more effective against all units and
they're going to do the same amount of
damage to armored weapon upgrade so the
upgrades only going to add +1 damage to
their particle disruptors and knock it's
not going to make a difference against
armored like you used to dark templars
and high templars biological psionic to
biological psionic light armor so i'm
guessing this is just going to affect
the plus damage to armor i'm guessing
the buyout biological sign and kalite
not much don't know much about these
armor types but i'm guessing it's going
to make a difference for units like the
stalker up here which do bonus damage to
armor dark shrine
which spit so it allows you to spit out
dark templars excuse me bill time
increased by 20 seconds and cost
increased for gas moving on to zerg so
we got the baneling and this is going to
be pretty big banelings now do more
damage five more damage to all units in
when they explode and minus five
compared to before so they get a five
less light bonus damage light armor
bonus damage but they get plus five
normal damage I think this is going to
be huge shift reserve players I think
after the bathing was nerfed so hard in
one of the four original patches this is
going to bring it back into the game
Roach big nerf you're going on we got
regen rate decreased by half and
upgraded bro regenerate decreased by
half again so burrowed roaches aren't
going to be so you know annoying the
hell out of me as I'm a Protoss player
anyways though that's my patch 6
analysis that's just looking at the
balance changes if you like this video I
can keep doing them on the patch as the
new patches are released that you're
released about I'd say once a week so
it's an extra video I can put in my
repertoire anyways if you like this
video please rate comment subscribe
anyways thanks for watching this is josh
with SC two strategies I've good one